Docs - rework group analytics doc (#9946)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/_snippets/groups-vs-cohorts.mdx

- Groups aggregate events, and do not necessarily have to be connected to a user.
- Cohorts represent a specific set of users – e.g., a list of users that all belong to the same company.

> If your only goal is to create a **list of users** with something in common, we recommend cohorts instead of groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your only goal is to analyze a **list of users** with something in common, we recommend [cohorts](/docs/data/cohorts) instead of groups.
```
